What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
After initializing a repository, it is ready for its first commit. By 
setting it up, one can get ready to a full line of COMMITments later.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
The staging areas offer a programmer an intermittent place to decide 
which individual files to include in a COMMIT. It is the first step to starting a version-control system.

Testing for a change

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per
logical change?
Each time a change is added to the staging area, we can use git diff to
compare it to the original file and see if the changes are really what
we wanted. After that, we can use git diff --staged to make sure it is 
really what we want by comparing every changes added to the staging area
to the most recent commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches can help experimental changes that are tracked and implemented
alongside the mainline of development of a program. Eventually a 
programmer can choose to merge the two lines.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
By drawing out the diagram according to different progression lines
of different branches, a programmer is able to clearly see the merging
opportunities presented at each stage and is also able to clearly see
the full picture of the development of the program itself, from every
angle.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
Merging two branches together has the advantage of taking all the positive changes of two lines of development and merging them into
the master line. We represent it in the diagram because we want to be
sure that we are not disregarding any commits that we do not intend to.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Pros include time-savings and a specific way of handling different codes
so a programmer can infer what kind of changes was made to the merged 
file. However, cons are big, in that you are unsure whether the codes 
thrown away by the merger are actually useless, or if the codes added in
are actually useful. 
